Ash console (#29)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/console/features.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: Features
---

# Ash Console Features

:::caution
🚧 Page under construction
:::

### Validator management

> Manage your validator nodes seamlessly with the Ash console. Edit configurations keys, install  upgrade or restart AvalancheGo, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage validator nodes seamlessly with the Ash Console. Edit configuration keys, install, upgrade, or restart AvalancheGo, etc.
```

### Subnets management

Manage Subnets and blockchains.

### Networks

Ash supports running Avalanche validator nodes in a private network, on the Fuji test net or on the mainnet (only in the Pro plan).

### Monitoring

Get a comprehensive view of your validators with our prebuilt dashboards presenting a complete suite of metrics (AvalancheGo metrics, machine metrics, Subnet centric metrics).

### Alerting

Receive custom alerts in real time and never miss an important event going on in your Subnet.

### Support

Get first class support from our expert team.

### Automatic upgrade

> We will make sure your validators are always up to date with the latest release of AvalancheGo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ash will make sure your validators are always up to date with the latest release of AvalancheGo.
```
